OK.
Let me share my screen.
Can you guys see my screen?
If you do,
you see a slide talking about what about
this course.
Yeah, we can see it.
Oh, perfect. Perfect. All right.
Happy New Year, happy coming back.
So then thank you for joining this new
course.
So I just want to spend some time talking
about these cores and what we are going
to cover and then what you guys are going
to learn or stop. OK.
So let me move the second slide.
Who am I?
By the way, is it a full screen on your?
On your screen or just basically part of
it? Because I see part of it,
I'm not quite sure over there on your
screen. Is that OK?
Is the size of slides OK?
Everything looks good. Yep.
Perfect.
OK.
Perfect. OK, who am I?
My name is Eric, so you can call me Eric.
And I'm pH. D in mathematics from you,
Rochester.
So I I learn probability over there.
My major is stochastic differential
equations.
I hope you guys know it and in case you
don't know it,
that's totally fine as a part of a
probability.
So learn from upstate New York and then I
got an MBA from U Chicago,
Chicago Booth School of Business. So I.
Currently a director of data science Mlai
at a Brady Corporation.
I happen to know and also a board Advisor
Advisory Board.
A member of the Finance department.
So then we talk about, you know,
creating some cores, exploring aiml.
So that's why they asked me to teach this
class. As you can see,
I never have the privilege of produc to
to really, like,
learn anything at Marquette.
So this kind of new to me,
like starting from learning D2L or stuff
so.
Glad to meeting you guys, right?
Are you guys?
I I know there are two courses,
some of you are are grad students, right?
Some of you are undergrad.
Right.
So then are you guys from finance
background?
Finance and accounting.
Finance. Accounting. OK, perfect.
Any other folks?
Finance and supply chain.
Finance and information systems.
Oh, fine. Is, oh, finance, a supply chain.
Wow. OK.
Alright,
so since since I just introduced myself
so then I will actually want to go around
table to ask you guys to introduce
yourself, OK.
So then you gonna tell me or tell
everyone in this group?
Of several information then who you are.
And are you a grad student or undergrad
student?
And what's your goal of taking this class
right? And then and then where do you add?
Where are you?
Where do you add?
Where are you add add.
You know the AI.
Have you ever use open Ai's or that could
be some quick question to answer,
so I would just go around the table,
ask you guys to introduce yourself so
that everyone can get familiar with who.
Are sitting next to you in a virtual
meeting.
Per SE, OK.
Any volunteer?
Oh, my name's Jay.
I'm an undergrad.
I don't have much experience with AI,
but I hope to learn more about it.
Cs application in finance.
I'm a finance major.
OK, Jay, your finance major. OK, cool off.
My name is Jayden.
I'm from Milwaukee.
I'm undergraduate as well.
I have a little bit of background using
AI,
but I would definitely like to learn more
about it and kind of using it for like
the financial world as well.
OK.
I'm Matt.
I'm a grad student in the MBA program.
My undergrad was in engineering and now I
work as a project leader at Milwaukee
Tool,
so I use a little bit finance but and
OK.
I've used AI like ChatGPT a little bit,
but not too much.
OK.
Run.
I'm Andrew.
I'm a undergraduate studying finance and
the AIM program the Fintech track.
I have a little bit of a background in AI
and LMS like using ChatGPT and building
them as well and same area learn.
Looking to learn more for unlike the
Mm hmm.
applied AI and machine learning side for
my job.
OK, sounds good.
I'm will.
I'm an undergrad student.
I studied finance and supply chain and I
don't have much experience with AI yet,
but I'm excited to learn.
I'm Caitlin.
Patrick.
OK, let go ahead.
Sorry, I'm Caitlin.
I'm an undergrad student studying finance
and marketing.
I'm from the Milwaukee area and then I
don't have too much experience with AI,
so I'd like to learn more kind of the
applied AI stuff like.
OK.
All right, I'm. I'm Patrick.
I'm an MBA student.
Currently I work at Rockwell Automation
as a test engineer.
My background is in electrical
engineering.
I don't have a ton of experience with AI,
but I'm looking forward to learning about
how to apply it to different applications.
Perfect.
I'm Sophia.
I'm an undergraduate student.
I've had some exposure to AI and open
omiss,
but looking to learn more on how it
applies to finance.
My name is Matt.
I'm an undergrad student studying
accounting and finance,
and I haven't had much experience like
most of the other people here with AI,
but I'm super excited to learn more about
it.
Nice.
Hi, my name is Sophia and Haroon.
I am in the MBA program doing
specialization in analytics.
I've had some experience with AI because
I used it for other of my courses to
build large language models and Python
coding.
Sure. OK.
And I have a construction business with
my father where I work full time.
Sure.
Oh, OK, cool.
I'm Christian.
I'm in undergrad.
I'm majoring in information systems and
I've used AI before,
but I want to learn more about practical
applications.
Nice. So what?
If I may ask,
what kind of AI have you used before?
Just like Chad you did and Gemini.
Chair GPU Gemini. OK.
Everyone.
My name is Declan. Go for it.
God alright.
Hey everyone.
Noah Severin, I AMBA student here,
Marquette with the specialization in
finance that I'm pursuing.
I currently work as a product manager at
a company called Steelsolutions here in
Milwaukee.
Mm hmm mm.
And I frequently use ChatGPT and Gemini
to do research on new products in new
markets that we're looking into.
Oh wow. OK.
So if you change in Gemini to do the
research on product,
do you think the answer from either
ChatGPT and Gemini are reliable?
Not 100% usually.
If I'm gonna take any facts and figures
Yeah.
and put them in front of our team,
I double check those.
But for the most part,
it seems they seem to be getting better
and better over time, that's for sure.
OK, sounds good.
I'm Declan.
I'm an undergraduate studying supply
chain finance and as far as my experience
with AII don't have a ton except with a
little bit of open AI, Chad GBT.
OK.
I'm Ben tusky.
I'm in the MBA program currently working
at Milwaukee Tool as a product manager.
I have a background in undergrad in
marketing,
but I'm obviously doing my MBA now and
then.
I have a little bit experience with AI
and ML for working with our ML team and
different product development
applications.
OK.
So if I may ask like how what?
What kind of AI usage?
Your ML team is is is kind of building.
Yeah.
So we implemented into the technology of
some of the tools that we come up with
that can sense like kickback and
different unsafe situations for users, so.
Oh oh, I see.
Yeah, we developed the.
We we put the the technology in the tool
to be able to send some of those
applications and then the user ML
algorithm to learn that and run it
through a bunch of different scenarios.
OK.
So so sort of like identifying some some
areas that are really concerning and then
do you guys use,
you know either ChatGPT or Gemini to
create some content like personalized
content to your customers?
That's a good question.
I don't know.
So I work with the ML team.
I'm not the ones that are actually doing
Sure. No.
some of that stuff.
So I'm not exactly sure if they do that
or not.
Understood. OK. OK.
Understood that that makes sense.
That makes sense, OK.
I'm will.
I'm an undergrad studying finance and
information systems,
and I have some experience.
Actually, I work at Brady too.
I've been working in the for AI help desk
bot.
Hello.
We've been developing.
So since since you worked with Brady,
so then are you working with Matt
Vandemus?
Yeah. Well, I mean, he's CIO now,
so not like with him as much, but yeah.
OK, gotcha. OK, sounds good.
So all right.
So we gonna rely on you, man.
OK.
My name is John.
I'm an undergraduate studying finance.
I do not have a lot of experience with AI,
so I'm hoping to learn its application of
finance.
Got it.
Perfect welcome, John.
My name is Sam and I'm an undergraduate
studying finance.
I have some limited experience with AI
and I've just started exploring cursor AI.
Oh.
At my job, which is a smart lock company.
Oh, OK.
So you're using cursor to code in Python.
Yeah,
we're working on a few like Web user
interface applications that we're
starting to utilize cursor for.
OK.
So does it help or does it really provide
a really some good Python code or Java
code that you don't have to debug them?
My team and I,
we just started using it at the beginning
of the year,
so I haven't been able to really dive
into it yet, but so I'm not sure.
Got it, got it.
Yeah,
maybe sometime you can share your
experience with the team.
Yeah, for sure.
OK, sounds good.
Anyone who didn't speak?
I have 17 here and then apparently we
have more than we have 22 people in the
room.
Hi are you able to hear me?
Yeah, I can hear you.
OK.
Yeah. Yeah, sorry.
I just got a new device and this is the
first time I've used it on it.
No, no, no issues.
This first day of class.
Yeah. Yeah, my name's Adrik.
I'm an MBA student.
Just really excited about learning more
about machine learning and I work in
corporate treasury for a bank,
so it'd be nice to learn how to apply it.
Kind of a casual user user of AI,
but I've coded things just with SQL.
Speaker.
All that have helped the team.
Sure.
So just learned more about stuff like
that would be great.
Yeah. OK.
So usually banks have a really good data.
So then if you use SQL,
you're pretty much like pulling the data
for any analysis, right?
Yep. And we're a smaller bank too.
So they never had a lot of this stuff
prior to my boss.
Join my my boss is great,
but before he joined they didn't have
anything relief. So yeah.
OK, sounds good.
I'm Caitlin and I'm an undergrad student
studying finance,
and I don't have that much experience in
AI, but I'm excited to learn more.
Besides learning more welcome.
My name is Willie.
I'm a grad student doing a master's in
finance at Marquette.
I did my undergrad at Marquette in
finance real estate,
and I was also in the AIM program there.
I was some limited experience with AI
applying it to finance and real estate,
but want to take this class to basically
grow that knowledge and understand a
little bit more of the the deeper
workings behind it.
Sounds good.
Did we just go through everyone that we
have in the in the room?
Maybe. OK, perfect.
So I I took the note right.
So then we do have some undergrad
students coming here.
We have some grad and MBA and definitely
some some folks really have a really good
experience using AI and some folks really
said OK, so limited.
Background using AI,
but it's totally fine.
OK.
So then let's talk about what we want to
achieve in in this course, right?
So then what does this course really
cover? OK, just.
Expectation management, right? So then?
So what we want to cover or what I want
to cover is I want to go through a range
of AI models and technically this AI kind
of thing is has been really used for a
lot of purposes.
So you can call a lot of models as AI.
For example,
you can call the large language models
like a lot of folks mentioned.
They're using open AI.
They're using Gemini,
so they use those as a large models and
it's definitely part of AI.
And then some folks mentioned that they
work with ML team so ML team,
they were dealing with a lot of machine
learning kind of things,
machine learning algorithms.
So linear regression start.
With a linear regression starting with,
you know clustering.
And algorithm starting to to to neural
network.
So those are the major learning areas.
So so aiml covers a lot of things.
I just wanna go from really fundamental
models to some really advanced models. OK.
So then I I I look for some real world
use cases to have. You know,
we can experiment using the models that
we learn and see what we can derive.
Right so then.
So I hear people there are there are some.
Students in this class their.
Their PMS, their MBAs.
Their their undergrad students and we
have different backgrounds.
So let me talk about what.
This idea of creating this course where
where do?
Why do we have this idea? OK,
so then as I wanted to mentioned,
I I want to the use Chicago Booth School
of Business for for my MBA, so right.
So I definitely went through the route
that you are going through.
So the idea is.
At Booth there are some requirement of of
taking stat class.
I'm not sure I I do know that we have
some MBA folks here in this class.
Does market require you to take any step
class?
No,
that's not one of the required lessons,
No. Oh, that's not a requirement.
no.
OK, perfect.
So maybe we should change that policy,
right?
So so Booth does require everyone to take
a stab class.
So the stack class offering are coming
from, you know some basic stats.
To big data at the moment,
it's still making sense.
To mature learning AI,
so this is a one of a class that a lot of
MBAs at U Chicago,
they really want to take.
And we're sort of following the same idea
that, you know, in, in this,
in this moment when two years ago open AI
becomes to a tool to everyone, right.
So the exposure to everyone and then it's
definitely got more and more popular,
right.
So then so then this is a really an.
This is really a period that you cannot
really ignore the existence of AI.
I'm pretty sure you guys are using AI.
I'm pretty sure if you.
Say to different courses you're using AI,
I'm pretty sure.
Maybe you're using AI to write code?
I'm pretty sure not using AI to write
Excel formula for you.
So then this is really area of using AI
like one question I asked one of the
students that you use.
Let me check my notes.
So you use AI before and then you use AI
for marketing, right?
So then I asked the student.
Whether or not you use AI to do research.
Whether or not you'd fully trust the AI
outcome,
you know the answer is not necessarily.
The reason is the AI tool. For example,
Jim and I were open AI.
They do hallucinate, right?
So then they may not give you the right
answer.
So you need to know the pros and cons of
different models every.
There's no perfect model.
Even open AI is not perfect either,
so there is no perfect model.
So I want you to understand that.
Where is the good?
Where model is good at and where the
model is not super good at OK.
So is my expectation that you guys after
this course you guys going to be a Python
developer?
Absolutely not.
OK, absolutely not.
So you're not going to be a Python
developer just taking this class.
And if you do want to be a Python
developer with some finance background,
so you need to take some computer science.
Computer science.
Class. You're not going to be a become.
You're not going to be a Python developer
through this class.
Are you going to be a modeler going
through this class?
I will say 30 or 40%.
You understand the models,
but you can work with your ML team.
You can work with your data team,
so you can specifically ask them to build
a model for you and you understand the
language they're talking about.
From my perspective, right.
So then from my perspective,
I have a consulting background.
So before I joined Brady,
I'm working with working in a consulting
firm so and and my clients are target and
my clients are Pepsi.
My my clients are are are gap so those
companies and I do see there's a gap
between the data team.
And the management team,
OK or business folks?
Even I already.
I mean, there's still some gap.
So you,
you definitely will sense that the data
team is talking in one language and and
the business team is talking in different
language and then how who gonna connect
those two team together.
I hope you guys can learn the language
you like.
You guys can learn the knowledge through
this class and then you will be the
person to come back to together.
I heard some of those have a supply chain
background.
I heard.
I I heard a lot of people have finance
background.
I heard a lot of people have product
managers for those three areas.
You're definitely going to have you #1.
You will definitely use AI model in the
foreseeable future.
For sure.
#2, you're definitely gonna see.
You're definitely gonna sense the problem.
I just described the data team and
business team are talking different
languages.
#3 your experience from this class where
market gonna help you?
To shine out from the other folks to
bridge those two teams.
So my expectation of you guys learning
through this class is you understand
those models you as from a business
person,
you can talk to your data team and your
model team and tell them in order to do
XI want you to try ABC, OK.
Knowing what you can receive from the
data team.
That's going to be my expectation.
Is that clear to you guys?
Any questions so far?
So far so good.
Sounds good.
Alright, so OK.
OK,
so as this is the first time we are
teaching,
I'm teaching this class and then also our
class offering this class so.
There I hope there are gonna be some
class discussion, right?
So then I hope you guys gonna share
whatever you want to learn because.
Here's I'm going to manage this every
single after every single class.
I'm going to send you a survey.
That you gonna tell me whether or not you
feel the content is.
Whatever you're expected, right?
You're gonna tell me that and then you
will tell me whether you want to learn.
More model,
more mathematics or more examples or more
more coding.
So those are the options that you will
choose in those surveys.
OK, right.
And then and then the class participation
gonna be part of your grade.
So I will highly recommend you to turn on
your camera and and join this class
because that can really help you learn
more.
OK.
All right, so.
With that being said,
I have to tell you this is not going to
be very easy class because it definitely
require your effort, right?
So then just be prepared to engage with
different concepts and different,
you know applications and you may face
you know the Python code you never read
and then you never coded.
That's totally going to be happening in
this class.
I just.
Want you to be aware of.
OK, but after this class,
you gonna definitely learn more.
Learn a lot about AI.
So it's really like a no pain,
no gain kind of process.
With that being said,
I will definitely help you to go through
this class. So number one, we there is I.
I hope you check.
Let me share my D2L.
Cortana only.
Window let me share my window.
Oh gosh.
OK.
So if you see the the D2L I'm for some
reason I cannot share here so.
You are going to socialize with the
students, your peers in this class, OK.
So you gonna make groups?
With the peers.
From the data I received that you guys
introduce yourself,
we have some undergrads.
We have some grat.
I really hope that in the D2L you're
gonna sign up for the groups and you at
least have every single team.
At least you have one undergrad over
there,
and at least one grad in those teams,
and I do not hope there's one single
person group.
I hope that you at least have a two or
three.
I create a 1515 groups in D2L and then we
have 2221.
I think it's sufficient to have.
At least eleven teams or or eight teams,
and you can either have two.
You can have three folks in that group.
So then the homework, the final projects,
it will not rely on one single person.
And are you gonna work as a group, right?
So then you gonna.
Learn from each other.
You're gonna discuss with each other and
how you you guys gonna work with each
other is really up to you.
I believe a lot of folks are a lot of
folks are.
Mbasa lot of ones are of finance
background.
You guys need to start socialize with
different folks,
especially for undergrads to socialize
with those MBAs,
and especially for those you know,
with those MBAs with the job and you want
to, you want to learn the job, right?
So then talk to them.
Send message to each other and try to
form teams.
And then this week, the only homework,
the only assignment you guys need to do
is finally sign on those.
Teams so that you can do the homework,
you can do the final projects, OK,
any any questions?
Sorry.
OK.
That's by the way,
you guys can still hear me, right?
Yep.
Yeah.
OK. OK, good. Oh, wow.
You guys are so shy. I mean, like,
please talk.
OK.
So let's talk about plan the work plan.
So I just leave those contents over there.
To be honest, and that'll be really tight,
right?
So then we don't have a lot of time just
to the time is really limited.
And I I I figure there is even a spring
break.
In a week of March the 10th.
That's terrible.
I assume you guys won't work during the
spring break, right?
You don't.
Alright,
so there are really 6 assignments and
then you have.
I believe you have efficient time to
finish those assignments and considering
you have a team of 1A team of two or
three working with you to do those
assignments so that I'm pretty sure this
is good.
Enough, for example,
for the assignments in the coming week,
you have two weeks to work on that.
And then you have other folks working
with you, I think is good.
OK.
And I understand this is an AI class.
I have no idea that I I think about this.
What I'm going to design A midterm exam
for you guys.
Should I ask you guys a math formula?
Of course not.
So there is no fine and there is no final
exam.
There is no midterm exam.
Instead, let's just make our course like.
The job you guys gonna be in?
In the near future,
so your job is based upon projects, right?
So that you're going to do different
projects in different companies?
In this class,
we're going to mimic that work culture.
You can consider those assignments at our
different projects and then you need to
tell me there's a final projects you're
going to spend some really good effort on
and then you going to give me a proposal.
In the middle of the semester,
and you're going to real you whatever you
say.
You have to realize that in the final
present, in the final, in the final week,
and then you're going to give the
presentation to everyone in this class,
no matter what you want to.
Build. However,
I have there are there are some criteria
are going to publish really soon.
I'm going to tell you how I'm going to
gauge your grade on on that final project.
And and even the proposal you you gonna
give us something really challenging to
achieve? However,
is really realistic to achieve.
So I understand there are some
challenging part of managing.
Hard projects and, however,
is a realistic and successful something
that you can start thinking about that
now.
And if you do have some idea you can talk
to me.
So then we can share what's a realistic
deliverable for your final presentation
or final project deliverables. OK, so.
And I so I encourage you guys start
thinking about that now and you know,
talking to your teams, to your peers.
That what ideas?
Either a tool you wanna build using LLM
or there is a forecasting model you wanna
do for for example you wanna forecast
some video stock price tomorrow.
So that you can design A strategy of
buying NVIDIA stocks tomorrow not could
be totally fine.
You know,
brainstorm whatever you want to achieve
using those ml AI models we learn from
this class and try to build up, build,
build your products and and maybe who
knows,
maybe add in the end of this class you
start building your company and then
you're you're fun.
Which is awesome.
OK.
So no midterm, no final.
But there is a final projects and you
need to start thinking about this now and
give me a proposal and you need to give
me a final presentation and then you need
to send me all the deliverables, OK?
Any questions about the game plan?
Oh, usually here is a moment.
Now we gonna negotiate and then you guys
do not wanna negotiate.
Alright.
I assume silence means OK, OK.
So now it's a grading policy.
It's it should be easy, right? So.
Assignments. You know there is a file.
There are six of them,
so I would drop one. I would drop one.
So then,
so then 30% of final grade final project
proposal,
your proposal quality and just like the
real live work,
so you'll have a team rating that that
will be your midterm evaluation.
So now we 20%.
What is that?
So it will be really like I know there
are a lot of a lot of folks are part time
student.
So then you will understand the mid term
evaluations, the mid year evaluation.
So it will be really 360 evaluation.
You will share your feedback with your
team members.
What you did was great.
What you did wasn't great.
And what as a as a team member,
what do you what do I want you to do more?
OK,
you need to share those feedback to your,
to your team members and then you will
send a feedback form as a part of the
proposal to evaluate your team members,
OK.
So then that's one one thing to we we
gonna we gonna use as part of the term
code and code meterm class participation
that will be 10%.
Of your final grade, OK.
So you will ask more questions.
You, you, you, you,
you try me in those discussions.
You you got a reward for it and the final
projects.
So then the deliverable quality and those
are the team cross review that will be
part of it.
That will be 35%.
Like what?
I said I will send you a survey.
That's a 5% free credit for you guys.
You take the survey, you have the 5%.
That's it.
Any questions?
No one wanna learn.
No one want to earn the the class
participation 10% from now.
She.
Sounds good.
Thank you, Matt.
I'll write you down.
OK.
Right. So.
Next is we are going to invite some of,
you know, the speakers to this class.
As you can see the game plan, right?
So then the speakers I I I put yes to a
lot of weeks, right.
So then as we are exploring how to teach
AI1, most important part is to learn from.
The experts how they are using AI.
OK.
So then the first one.
The reason why February the 17th we are
going to be in class in person is just
because we invited Jeff.
To be in person class.
So who is Jeff?
Number one,
Jeff is in the Advisory Board of Finance
Department of Marquette University.
And also,
he's a Marquette University alumni.
So I'm not, but he is.
He's the CEO of.
A.
Symphony advisors and he is the founder
of this company and he was a global
finance director of PNG and he was in
charge of the entire Russia and the
Ukraine region back then before the war,
apparently.
So you learn a ton from Jeff and he have
you ever engage with Jeff before because
he traveled to Milwaukee quite often and
given presentations,
have you guys really known Jeff?
Yeah.
Anyone.
No.
Oh, thank you, Sophia.
Thank you for your participating.
No. OK, so right.
So now maybe on on on Fab 17,
you have the chance.
I will highly recommend to prepare some
questions for him.
I think that's a good opportunity to
learn from from Jeff.
The second speaker is is my friend Doctor
Lee.
He currently is a senior manager.
In the University of Chicago Polski
Center.
So he's dealing with the venture
partnership.
Are you Chicago?
He used to be working at Arch,
the venture partners,
so this is really a VC company.
In Chicago,
he has a PhD in chemistry from University
of New Mexico.
And he he also is an MBA from new Chicago
Booth School of Business.
His job is kind of interesting.
He's you.
You may not believe it, right?
So then there's a lot of professors in
new Chicago.
So then they have a lot of research and
they have.
A lot of results and his job is
persuading those professors to quote UN
quote,
earn more money to fund their companies.
And then so then so you Chicago can
invest in those companies.
So then they can.
They can Co learn a lot of money,
so that's his job.
So he he's talking with the the academia
professors over there.
And figured out whether there is an
opportunity to to to to to start their
own startup.
And what's the opportunity to attract
more funding into their companies through
the post gig center?
Platform so.
So he will definitely talk about.
The investment trend in the Aiml area.
Because arguably a lot of investments are
happening in in California or or Seattle,
right?
So then those are really like the
technology hubs.
Or or New York.
If anything happen in meetings that you a
lot of cases actually in Chicago,
not Milwaukee.
So then, so I invite.
I invite him to come in here and talk
about, you know, the investments trend.
In case you guys are interested in,
you know, being an entrepreneur,
build your own startup.
I think that's a a great opportunity to
learn from from him.
And then where you should what?
What kind of?
Experience.
You gonna build your own company and how
to attract new investment and then what
is the hot spot in in investment area?
So then definitely he's going to talk
about that.
OK.
Another one is my friend Nick.
So I used to work with Nick at Antwait
dot AI.
So that's a Goldman Sachs portfolio
company.
So now he's a senior director at Senior
director of AI Scientist.
AI scientist.
Add zebra.
Do you guys know Zebra technology as a
company at all?
No.
Do they make barcode things?
Yeah,
they made barcode and then they made
scanners.
Their headquarter is in.
Gosh.
Illinois, North Chicago,
close to border between Chicago between
Illinois and and Wisconsin.
Yeah. So they have.
They have office in downtown Chicago.
He's leading that AI effort at Zebra,
so they offer a lot of things really like.
Not like Brady's a focus on one area.
We have a lot of area to cover and zebra
is a public company.
So then you can definitely find your 10K.
Thank you online.
So I invited Nick to talk about, you know,
their their strategy.
I know a lot of folks are from Milwaukee
tools.
Maybe this is some area that you can you
can ask Nick about, you know,
to learn from.
Doctor Wagman about how they are using AI
at Zebra. I think that would be really,
really helpful.
OK.
Another one speaker.
So Mr. Sam Auswich,
he currently is a CEO and managing
partner of a consulting firm,
Parker Avery Group.
So the Parker Avery Group is a is a
consulting firm based in Atlanta, GA.
And then they have.
They have a data AI ML team in Chicago.
Well, as you can see,
I live in Chicago for a long time.
Then I rewinded a lot of Chicago folks.
So he's leading that effort.
He also the as entrepreneur.
He's my ex boss.
He founded this as a proc. No,
and then acquired by Antwit.
Antwit was using the Goldman Sachs money,
so they purchased the the the company Sam
started Sam used to leading.
The consulting business in SAS,
do you guys know a company called S?
They asked.
Still, like 10 years ago,
is A is a big company.
I'm not sure if you guys do know SAS.
Do you know SAS?
I guess no.
OK.
So SAS is is a company providing.
Providing.
A stat software that also is called SaaS.
A lot of banks,
for example Goldman Sachs for example,
like JP Morgan,
a lot of banks are are using or discovery
a lot of banks are using SaaS software.
So you know Python is open source and
SaaS is not open source.
You have to pay the membership fee for
for the license.
So and then they gonna provide you a lot
of support.
So so Sam is still leading that
consulting effort.
So then this is really from a different,
a different area consulting area.
I really hope that he can share a
different opinion of using AIS, you know,
serving for his customers and how they
are using this.
So I'm not sure you guys are learning
finance and product managers.
A different background.
I'm not sure if consulting is A1
consideration that you gonna you gonna
join.
But at least you can.
You can learn from Sam, OK?
And also Nadia.
So she has.
Really long, really.
Experience leader in in strategy.
She works at Google.
She works at Siemens.
She worked as a PW C.
She works at Deloitte.
She works at.
Currently,
she's she's leading the the strategy
effort at Hitachi Digital.
She used to be the chief of a strategy at
the Brady Corporation.
She's alumni of Wharton school,
U Pennsylvania.
She's really experiencing AI area.
She knows a tons of, you know, CEO,
CIOs in the country.
And then also the of Google and Deloitte
there.
They're definitely gonna push that AI
usage through different companies.
So now I I also invited Nadia to to give
us.
A presentation of she thinks what's
important.
In in AI and I do know there are some
female students in our class.
So that's why I I really want to invite a
female leader.
So then you guys can learn how female
could shine.
Through this AI approach and it was a
best strategy for you to grow.
In in this era, OK?
And you can definitely find her LinkedIn
if you search her name.
You wanna make friend of her?
Any questions?
And oh,
I'm also inviting another two folks.
Really one is working at the discovery
the Financial Group.
His job is doing analyzing risks for for
discovery.
And I'm reminding him.
Another person,
his his background is a PhD from
Northwestern University.
His job is also risk management.
Sort of modeling.
He travels to New York City quite often
from Chicago.
I'm inviting those two gentlemen to come
in here to give a presentation.
The reason I didn't put their background
here in this slide is they haven't give
me a full yes yet because I told them
it's in March and April.
They said they are quite busy.
So then they gonna give me answer like in
one week or two?
So then I didn't put their background
here,
but there are some folks have been doing
a risk management may show that in this
class and then and give you guys any give
you guys your presentation.
So I'm pretty sure.
Those potentially right now we have 5
potentially 7 speakers can really give
you guys a full image of different
companies from different areas of using
AI.
And hopefully you guys gonna enjoying it
and since you know this information now,
maybe you should start.
You will start preparing some questions
to ask to those folks. OK.
So to maximize your benefit.
OK.
So those are the speakers.
Any questions?
Do you know if all these people have had,
like, a background in AI,
like through their education?
Or was it picked up a lot like just in
the different roles that they've had,
that they've been working in
professionally?
OK, so I can talk 1 by 1.
Number one is AI,
especially for large language model is
not a thing, right?
Before three years ago,
so I can tell 100% sure is they do not
have a background dealing with a large
language models.
Let's talk about.
If we expand that concept a little bit
more, do they have any?
Quant.
Background.
A job I believe he has a finance
background as you guys.
So then if you say he does,
he have like really a mathematic
background? No.
Doctor Lee,
he's a he's chemistry background and he
does not have AI background.
And then he was putting in a role that he
need to help the professors to attract
more investment so that he start engaged
with the AI because, you know,
there's a tons of money going.
To invest in the AI area in AI startups,
you, you, you are a company.
You are a startup.
You have to manage your you have to brand
your company as.
Company. So then a lot of fun.
Gonna contact you to invest. So.
So then he's he's there.
He's in his position, he's learning AI,
but he does not have AAI background. Nick,
on the other hand,
sees a pure mathematician, right?
So then he use those mathematics while
you know providing services to different
companies.
So I think he's not learning AI at the
school.
But he's picking up aiml.
Uh. In his job. Sam. Sam.
He's a medicine alumni.
And then he's a pure consulting
background.
He learned he he has a basis.
He learned AI will drive the business
value.
So then he's picking up AI Nadia.
He's a loser Business School guy.
He's an MBA from Wharton School,
so that he does not have AI background
and also he's really focused on strategy.
Is also the thing that when she realized.
That AI is really critical to drive
business value.
And then there's no way for any strategy
people not talking about AI so that **
*** has to learn it.
She has to create a combination.
Consider AI strategy.
So then he started learning.
She started learning it.
So I I think to answer your question,
it is really not you have that background,
it's really.
What more importance you have the
motivation,
and then you clearly have a goal of using
AI.
The motivation really drives you to learn
more about AI.
And to to to use AI in in your real life.
So it is really not your education you
have.
I pretty sure you have pretty solid
preparation to learn AI.
Your finance background you some of them
are some of you guys are product managers,
some of you guys are already engaged with
the ML team.
You have solid background,
so then it's really about your motivation
of using AI.
You need to and and and not necessary
your background.
Did that answer your question?
Definitely. Thank you.
Yeah. Any any other questions?
Any any folks you want to be here talking
to us? Let me know.
You can let me know now and I'll try my
best to search my link in,
and I don't mind sending them cold e-mail.
E-mail. Hey,
do you want to present anything here?
No question.
OK.
So that's talk about data, right?
So then we will be dealing with data.
Fortunately or unfortunately, OK.
So there are we gonna use a lot of APIs.
I hope you guys know what API is.
The application program interface so
their API from you know Yahoo Finance and
there's there's some API and then there
is you know SEC Edgar.
There are some there was API so you can
you can you can.
Actually fetch the 10K10Q data and then
you will learn from those examples.
And then there is a.
There is a website called FMP,
the financial model,
the financial modeling.com.
So then I subscribe it.
So then there's definitely a tons of data
over there and the cargo is another.
Another area that you can find a ton of
data, OK.
So we definitely gonna use AI and then
you will code.
OK, you.
I'll share with you some sample code so
you can switch. You can tweak,
change the codes and then you can you can
apply to.
You can apply the new codes on the on
your data.
So I'm not expecting that you gonna code
from scratch, but if you want,
there's certainly you can.
But that's that's really a good
additional effort you wanna put.
But if you don't want to code you can
copy paste my code and apply it to the
data.
Like what?
I said the motivation and expectation is
you know what you're running.
You know the pros and cons that the codes
in front of you is generating.
That's it, OK.
We will definitely use LMS,
so I'm not sure what's the what's the
mark on university policy targeting
concerning AI.
Do they allow you guys using AI or do
they?
Forbid you guys using AI at all.
What? What's the AI strategy policy?
Yeah you could.
You can use it,
but I think you just have to cite it.
Oh, you had? OK, you you can use it,
but you have decided.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure.
Yep.
OK.
Same same for my other MBA courses where
we did SQL, Python And our programming.
They all allowed us to use it as a
starting point,
but we had to side cite whatever we took
from open AI or Gemini.
So it's the final codes or some
intermediate codes that you have decided
because sometimes they don't.
Whatever AI they won't generate the codes
that no bug and then generate whatever
you want.
Do they ask you guys to provide a prompt
that you send to the AI?
Yep,
they are still send our entire
Oh.
conversation list or whatever prompts we
used to get to the final conclusion.
Oh really?
Oh wow.
OK, that's that's OK alright.
So similar strategy here.
You're free to use AI you you can
certainly use open AI.
You can certainly use Gemini.
I I do love cloud of anthropic.
You can use that as well and you honestly
you don't have to send me the prompt.
I mean you,
I assume you have a lot of prompt you
send to the AI,
you don't have to send any prompt,
you just need to tell me that whether
this code is coded it's you coded or AI
coded or or you work with AI coded.
That's it.
OK. And then what I have to say is.
Eventually, whatever you receive,
you will learn from this course.
It's really up to you,
like how much you exercise with the code.
You can actually generate user AI to
generate everything anything you want,
but AI still there. AI still evolving AI.
Understand what you wanna do,
but I hope you eventually understand what
you're doing.
So that's the most important thing.
OK.
So then the data is there and then.
And LL Ms. are there.
So then you can have the user no issues.
No coding.
Do you guys code?
I mean, I mean, do you guys?
I mean,
how do I say do you guys go yes or no?
If you read those codes that AI send back
to you, you understand,
though what those codes are doing that
mean you can you can you can be confident
to say yes if you don't you can.
Say no.
So how many of you really know how to
code, especially in Python?
OK, perfect.
Yes, I can.
I can, yeah.
OK.
So a lot of folks can call in Python.
I hope you guys are not in the same group.
Not.
That's fine.
That's a good opportunity.
You learn.
OK.
So since some of folks can some of the
folks may not do you guys know how to use
GitHub?
No.
Yeah.
OK,
so I will show you there is something I
need to change on on the team.
So then,
because currently I'm not sure if I can.
Share my screen which is a bummer.
Let me see.
So like what I said we need.
We need teams so then I will consider.
I will considered the hub is definitely a
good tool for you.
For you guys to manage your calls because
in case there is more than one folks in
your team gonna call together with other
folks at the same time.
So you guys need to figure out how you
guys gonna push the changes?
How you guys gonna commit the changes,
right?
So the GitHub will be a great tool.
And GitHub has the code space and then
I'll show you so then so that you have
you have a virtual machine so that you
can play.
Where's the data?
Or you can use Google collab.
That's totally fine.
And some of examples are from Google,
so then you can create a notebooks here
over there on Google.
So then this definitely give you a
virtual machine to play around with.
So then you can definitely start coding
and I'll show you the really good
bandwidth of the call lab because they
give you a copilot.
So then you a lot of cases that you can
just type in a prompt in the copilot and
get the code for you.
It's very convenient, OK.
I will do that after break.
AI using a user strategy.
Definitely yes.
You can definitely use AI.
Just give me enough transparency that you
use AI that you can say I use AI to do
this and and and that'll be it.
And only Steve for final projects that
you can use AI to generate some good
ideas about.
I just hope that you don't write that
proposal 100%.
From AA you have to use your input, right?
Whatever you wanna achieve and I know
that if you are on a really close
something that I I didn't learn and then
you have to use AI to code pieces and
then you have to put them together right?
So then you you wouldn't be able to 100%
rely on AI to code everything.
That's that's that's.
That's a caveat.
So this is everything I wanna talk about
this class as a logistics about this
course. Any questions?
Would there be other deliverables other
than the ones you showed us on?
On the course schedule for graduate
students?
Or would they be the same for
undergraduates and graduates?
So.
So that's why so the undergrad students
and grad students,
I hope you do have some undergrad
students in your group and then I am
envisioning that, you know,
grad students going to take in the
leadership.
And I want the undergrad students to
learn from you guys.
Maybe some of the you already have a work,
and then they I want the undergrad learn
from you,
not from the knowledge perspective,
but from, you know,
the project management perspective.
Presentation perspective,
I want them to learn you and then from
Was talking.
Oh.
you guys, from the MBAs,
from from the grad students.
I want you guys to learn how to lead a
team, how to effectively, you know,
effectively communicate with your team
members and then you.
This is how you manage A-Team
relationship so.
You both benefit from each other.
And create a really efficient team and
then I hope everyone wins in the end and
that I don't want anyone fail.
I just want hope.
Everyone has a lot of to take home,
but that's the hope.
Sounds good.
Oh, by the way,
maybe you guys know that because I never
does.
Does Marquette really have AB plus policy
that any any policy like that?
OK.
Well, what is AB plus policy?
Maybe you do not know that.
So the B plus policy is.
OK. And and in EU Chicago,
no matter how great or not so great your
grade is?
The average.
The latter grade of a class has to be B
plus.
So then the professor gonna adjust the
distributions to make the median B plus.
Does have that strategy or policy?
I don't believe so, but I'm not sure.
I don't know.
OK.
Yeah,
I've had that on a case by case basis by
with professors.
OK.
So it sounds like it may not necessarily
have to BB plus.
So then we don't have to adjust the
distribution sounds like that.
OK.
That's good, right?
I mean, I'm. I'm I'm. I'm fine with that.
OK.
All right, so.
If no one has any question,
let's take a 15 minute break.
So then I can just fix my teams so that I
can share my my my Chrome to show you the
GitHub to show the platform show data.
How about that?
Just have one more quick question, Eric.
Yes, please.
The final presentation on April 28th does
everything need to be in before that
Yes.
presentation?
As far as like the final project goes.
I think every.
That's a good question.
I think if you wanna present results
right?
So then you know the results.
You know you'd better test it, right?
So then,
but if you wanna write a final essay,
some documentation around, you know.
The results and then about what you find.
So then those do not have to because I I
pool the presentation one week before
your final deliverable submission.
So you have one week.
To finish your work.
Makes sense. Thanks.
Yeah.
Any any question?
OK, my clock is 634.
How about we come back?
At.
6 fortyni or 650.
Sure.
All right.
So then I may sign off and then change
Sounds good.
something and come back and see whether
or not I can share my screen.
So then you can, you know,
use red restroom.
Go wherever you want and then come back
in 50 minutes, OK?
Right.
Oh, stop recording.
Right. I'll see you guys in.
50 minutes.